And so we can go ahead and add some of
that dark mode to the button as well.
And so we can do that, but
first I'm going to kind of tweak a few
things cuz we're not using any
Tailwind at all in the present
version of the button,
that's the CSS module.
So I can go tweak Tailwind to my heart's
content and nothing really matters.
So we need to at least do that
quick migration in this case.
So there's a few options here,
one is that,
We could theoretically go in here and
use some of the default
Tailwind stuff, we can hit Apply and
some of these things.
But you can imagine that even,
have you ever seen a large Tailwind file,
it's like a bunch of tiny utility classes.
And you can imagine that even my tools for
turning on and
off classes about CLSX has
a certain threshold that I have
seen in reality of how many
we choose to add, right?
So we could do something like,
Even to make it real simple, we could
do something like, I need to pull in a
color theme before anything really works.
I've got the default
Tailwind colors in here.
But let's just do an example real quick.
So I'm gonna take out
the background color.
And this is a little bit of a sales pitch
for Tailwind and one of the reasons why
even when I think I don't need it,
I eventually break and end up using it.
So I could do something like apply,
and I can say bg-indigo.
This is if you have an existing CSS file,
we'll see how to do it in a second.
And first of all,
the IntelliSense is wonderful.
But then you can do stuff like hover colon
bg-indigo-, 400, and not have
that extra pseudo class, and under the
hood, it will do all those things for you.
And then what you can eventually do is
get rid of the CSS file altogether,
right, and do something where you just
have them inline in the component.
For instance we, And so
you can just keep them all in here,
which is kind of a nice ergonomic
thing as well, and now it's indigo.
It's a little bit different cuz I
changed some of the colors around,
so it does get darker in this case.
Actually, I think the hover
still overrides it.
But you can put them like this.
But I'm not gonna necessarily go and
refactor the CSS module because I'm gonna
show you a different strategy for creating
variants with different colors in a second
that will be better than whatever it takes
me 35, 40 minutes to refactor by hand.
So we're just gonna do the better thing
in a little bit, because I think for
building a design system,
there are better tooling than even just
a long string of Tailwind classes and
stuff along those lines, cool.
There are a few kinda little things
that we want to talk about here,
which is, if we wanted to theoretically
force a dark mode, right?
We talked about decorators, there's
also this idea of parameters, right?
And we've accidentally seen some
of the initial parameters in
this query params, right?
And these are settings that you
want to pass into a story, right?
So one of the things that we can do
is if we wanted to force dark mode,
for instance, on a given story,
we can do that.
And so let's say we wanted to make,
and this goes into,
especially if we wanna do visual
regression testing and stuff like that.
We would wanna have a dedicated story for
that button in dark mode,
all the different things
in dark mode as well.
And going in there and tweaking the theme
is great while we're playing around and
testing stuff.
Not great for running a test suite
against and doing visual regression and
running the accessibility test.
Just cuz you have color contrast in light
mode does not mean you have it in dark
mode, so on and so forth, right?
And so sometimes we wanna have a story
that forces either something in
the responsive design mode or
forces it in dark mode.
And we can do that for an entire suite
of stories by putting the meta, or
we can do it for one individual story.
And it all depends, you might have two
files with roughly the same level stories,
but one completely dark, one completely in
light, or you can mix and match per story.
It's just whether or
not you put in the meta or
whether you put out individual stories,
it's the same syntax.
But let's take a look at that syntax and
to see what it's like.
So let's say,
I'll say export const Dark, right?
And now that we've got this
plugin installed, and again,
we haven't fully implemented dark
mode yet, but we will in a second.
We'll do it as part of
a larger narrative arc.
And so here I can say that this story,
the parameters,
I don't actually want backgrounds,
I want this point,
backgrounds is that other one
we saw before with the light,
the dark background,
messed me up for a second there.
We want themes,
which is one added by that plugin.
This one we're gonna say themeOverrides,
plural, override.
How many r's is in override,
as we'll have to remember.
And we'll say dark, and yeah,
let's actually look at it.
On point, I'll make my point in a second.
So we'll go dark and you can see this one,
no matter what we choose to do,
this one is set to dark mode.
So now, we had visual regression tests,
we had accessibility tests.
They would see this story always in dark
mode and also nice if you're developing,
but the query params will
mostly work in that case.
This actually, if you look at parameters,
themes: themeOverride and
you go to preview, right,
you can kinda see that we can actually
do that for the entire suite as well.
You can have different settings in here,
but yeah, for me mostly,
we're just doing it on a story level.
I might eventually graduate it up to its
own files that are uniquely that but
it's not worth it at this point.
But either one of them depends
on what your use case is.
While we're in here, though, I will just
show you one more thing that's I think
super helpful cuz I don't really have
a good excuse to talk about it later.
Which is,
you can also force the viewport, right?
So this one is parameters viewport, and
you can actually set
the viewport to mobile1.
Now, mobile1 is one of the current
defaults in Storybook.
You can actually, what did I mess up?
Extra closing brace.
mobile1 is one of those
built into Storybook.
You can say, hey, actually these
are the breakpoints that we support, and
customize that.
How do you know what they are?
Here's a hack, well,
this is gonna be a different story.
You go set it to large mobile, and
you look at the query param and
see those mobile, too, [LAUGH] right?
You can define whatever you want but
generally speaking,
if you're looking at one and
you're like, I wonder which one this is?
Just look at the query param, there it is.
And so you can force stories in dark mode,
you can force stories at every responsive
break point, and again, when we get into
the whole, like, I want to make changes
to my design system and
I don't want to get paged, right, by the.
These are all incredibly
helpful tools around that